---
title: Home
---
## Hi all
Joseph Tan here. I enjoy making computers do stuff, playing the piano and guitar, all things soccer, and messing around with my [two wonderful sausage dogs](dogs.jpg). I'm currently studying computer science at Stanford University.

## Technical Projects

### [Berryboy](berryboy.jpg)

Gameboy emulator for a baremetal Raspberry Pi environment that I
developed with a fellow student. Reads a Gameboy ROM file and emulates
the ppu(gpu), cpu, interrupt mechanism, and I/O. Because it runs on
the Pi without an OS, I also had to develop drivers for the input and
figure out how to manually write to the framebuffer. Still a work in
progress, and currently only runs Tetris. I plan to add support for
more games, ability to run Gameboy Color games, and make it
cross-platform.

### [Julia Programming Language](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia)

A few other members of the Julia community and I added support for
callsite inline/noinline annotations to the Julia compiler. This
allows for finer control over optimizations when writing Julia programs.

### [Comper](https://github.com/dghosef/comper)

An automatic backing track generator for jazz music. Takes in a style
file using a custom context-free-grammar-like syntax file and a chord
progression file and generates a midi file consisting of a walking
bassline, comping with voice leading, and a simple drum track.
[Audio Samples](https://soundcloud.com/joseph-tan-486477918/sets/automatically-generated-backing-tracks) - [Github](https://github.com/dghosef/comper)

### [Fantasy Premier League Team Generator](https://github.com/dghosef/FPL-team-generator)

Automated [Fantasy Premier League](https://fantasy.premierleague.com)
team generation. Predicts English professional soccer player
performances using statistics from the official Premier League API and
a player/team performance modeling algorithm I developed. With those
predictions and the python [PuLP](https://pypi.org/project/PuLP/)
linear programming library, assembles a Fantasy Premier League team.
[Github](https://github.com/dghosef/FPL-team-generator) - [Detailed
Writeup](fpl-writeup)

## Other Projects


### [TIFU](https://www.amazon.com/TIFU-Mortifying-confessions-internet-community-ebook/dp/B081Z794ZD/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=tifu&qid=1608609736&s=books&sr=1-1)

Back in High School, I took a bunch of stories of people making funny
mistakes from [r/tifu](https://reddit.com/r/tifu), compiled them into
a book(with the permission of the original authors of course), and
self-published it onto Amazon under the pen name Benjamin Success. Its
sales numbers have been abysmal, but now I can say I am a published
author, which is a win in my books. All proceeds go to
[GiveDirectly](https://www.givedirectly.org/), a charity that gives
money directly to those in need in the USA and the nations of Kenya,
Liberia, Malawi, and Kibera.
[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/TIFU-Mortifying-confessions-internet-community-ebook/dp/B081Z794ZD/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=tifu&qid=1608609736&s=books&sr=1-1)

### [VEX Robotics](https://heritage-schools.org/academics/robotics/)

I founded a VEX robotics team a few years back, managed to teach a
variety of STEM topics to high school students(coding, practical
physics, etc), and had a blast. I am not nearly as active in the team
anymore(I handed it off to one of the staff at the school) but I still
help out from time to time. [Team
Website](https://heritage-schools.org/academics/robotics/)

## Connect
Email: [dghosef@stanford.edu](mailto:dghosef@stanford.edu) \
LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/dghosef](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dghosef/)
